--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
VEB OS - Development Update - September 20, 2024
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notices:
  Line 05 - Notice Index
  Line 12 - Notice 1
  Line 19 - Notice 2
  Line 69 - Notice 3
  Line 75 - Notice 4
--------------------------

Notice 1: A Complete Change in Development
After I have looked into OpenOS further, I have found it actually requires a lot
of libraries to be interused which makes it memory intensive, VEB OS was
originally going to add further to OpenOS which now I realize, is not only a
waste of my learning and skills, but also would make VEB OS extremely memory
intensive. So VEB OS is now becoming a library!

Notice 2: Potential Products
I have some potential products in 1-15% development stages that may become
real in the next few years.

VEB Kernel:
A very basic bootloader and program runtime for core level programs. Allows
chainloading OS's, managing and editing files, and virtualizing OS's and
EEPROM's. A basic but feature filled Kernel, great for those wanting to
get into serious OS and Core Program Development.
  - VEB Kernel will be released as a single product -

VEB Netstack:
A basic network operating system for VEB Biztalk servers and VEB Network
routers/domain controllers. Built on VEB Kernel and resembles MS-DOS 5 in a
soft blue color.
 - VEB Netstack will be released as a single product -
 
VEB Operating Environment (VEB OE):
A simple operating system oddly resembling windows 386/3.1 in design, great for
users wanting to have an Operating System with even stronger security and on an
unmanaged drive.
  - VEB OE will be released as a family of products -
  VEB OE Developer Edition
  VEB OE Corporate Edition
  VEB OE Corporate Server
  VEB OE Standard Edition
  VEB OE Server Edition
  VEB OE Basic Edition
  
  VEB OE Trial Edition
  * Activated when you choose not to use a product key*

VEB Managed Operating System: 
A full featured Operating System for Managed Drives, very much alike VEB OE will
be designed off of it. It will have a repository, changelog, version and roadmap
created for it on the github. Will be built on a different version of the kernel
designed for Managed Drives.
  - VEB MOS will be released as a family of products -
  VEB MOS Developer Edition
  VEB MOS Developer Server Edition
  VEB MOS Corporate Edition
  VEB MOS Corporate Server Edition
  VEB MOS Professional Edition
  VEB MOS Server Edition
  VEB MOS (home) Premium Edition
  VEB MOS Home Edition
 
  VEB MOS Trial Edition
  * Activated when you choose not to use a product key*

Notice 3: Unmanaged Drives
These drives have facinated me long enough, most VEB OS's will be built for and
to be compatible with Unmanaged Drives. A special bootloader adopted by VEB will
be installed with every OS. VEB MOS is the only Planned VEB OS to primarily use
managed drives.

Notice 4: Advanced Bootloader
This eeprom script was discovered from Ocelot, an OpenComputers Emulator,
CyanBios was also tried and there was an attempt to develop VEB CMOS, however,
that too has been dropped. advancedLoader or Advanced Bootloader was chosen as
our eeprom script, it provides compatibility with both managed and unmanaged
drives and loads from drives in a form we can easily use. Therefore VEB has
adopted it and it will be distributed with the product.
